docs(dock-manager): Add topic for Dock Manager (#1929)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/dock-manager.md

---
title: Dock Manager | Layout Controls | Ignite UI for Angular | Infragistics
_description: 
_keywords: dock manager, layout, igniteui for angular, infragistics
---
## Dock Manager

The Web Components Dock Manager is a component that uses panes to manage the application’s layout and allows the end user to customize the UI by unpinning, resizing, moving and hiding panes.

### Demo

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 600px">
    <iframe id="dock-manager-overview-iframe" src='{environment:dvDemosBaseUrl}/layouts/dock-manager-sample' width="100%" height="100%" seamless frameBorder="0" onload="onXPlatSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="dock-manager-overview-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:dvDemosBaseUrl}">View on StackBlitz
    </button>
</div>

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Setting Up

> The DockManager is available for download as an npm package through ProGet feed.

Reviewer: Remove this sentence. Instructions for installing ProGet package will be placed somewhere else.

Reviewer: Add a statement like this:

"The Dock Manager is a standard [web component](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components) and as such can be used in an Angular application."

Follow the steps below to add the DockManager package to an Angular project and set up the project in order to use the DockManager inside the Angular components.

> Install the `@infragistics/igniteui-dockmanager` package

Reviewer: The publicly available npm package will be called `igniteui-dockmanager`.

```cmd

> npm install @infragistics/igniteui-dockmanager

Reviewer: `npm install igniteui-dockmanager`

```

Include the `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA` schema in the `AppModule`:

```typescript
import { CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA, NgModule } from '@angular/core';

@NgModule({
    ...
    schemas: [CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA]
})
export class AppModule {}
```
Call the `defineCustomElements()` function in the `main.ts` file:

```typescript
import { AppModule } from "./app/app.module";
import { defineCustomElements } from "@infragistics/igniteui-dockmanager/loader";
import { enableProdMode } from '@angular/core';
import { environment } from ".environments/environment";
import { platformBrowserDynamic } from '@angular/platform-browser-dynamic';

if (environment.production) {
    enableProdMode();
}

platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule)
    .catch(err => console.log(err));

> defineCustomElements(window);

Reviewer: In the latest Stencil version the `window` parameter is optional, so we can remove it here.

> ```

Reviewer: Add here a statement like this:
"Now you are ready to add the Dock Manager component to an Angular component template."

And a code snippet like this:

```html
<igc-dockmanager>
</igc-dockmanager>
```

---

> title: Manage Angular Page Layout | Dock Manager | Ignite UI | Infragistics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Dock Manager
```

Reviewer: This title is generated following our SEO process and should remain the same.

Reviewer 2: Are you sure because other topics in this repo just use the component name?

Reviewer: Yes, but not all topics follow the SEO guidelines currently. Look at the grid ones for example, they follow the guidelines.

> _description: Learn how our Dock Manager can help you in customizing the page layout of your Angular application by using unpinning, resizing, moving and hiding panes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_description: The Dock Manager provides functionality for laying out your Angular application in panes that can be pinned, resized, moved, and hidden.
```

Reviewer: The description is generated following our SEO process and should remain the same.

Reviewer 2: I still think we can make it shorter than it is

Author: @StefanIvanov I think that the description you suggested is better than the one I initially composed

Author: @StefanIvanov Since the SEO guidelines we are following require using call to action words, I think about changing the beginning to 

> Learn how the Dock Manager [...]

Reviewer 2: OK I am fine with that

> _keywords: manage angular page layout, Ignite UI for Angular, Infragistics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_keywords: Ignite UI for Angular, UI controls, Angular widgets, web widgets, UI widgets, Angular, Native Angular Components Suite, Native Angular Controls, Native Angular Components Library, Manage Angular page layout, Dock Manager
```

Reviewer: These keywords are generated following our SEO process and should remain the same.

Reviewer 2: I have extended the keywords with the ones we use across the topics and have kept the unique ones you have added

Reviewer: The SEO guidelines say that we should have only a primary keyword followed by the product and company names.

---
## Dock Manager

> The Web Components Dock Manager is a component that uses panes to manage the application’s layout and allows the end user to customize the UI by unpinning, resizing, moving and hiding panes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ignite UI Dock Manager component provides means to manage the layout of your application through panes, allowing your end-users to customize it further by pinning, resizing, moving and hiding panes.
```

### Demo

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 600px">
    <iframe id="dock-manager-overview-iframe" src='{environment:dvDemosBaseUrl}/layouts/dock-manager-sample' width="100%" height="100%" seamless frameBorder="0" onload="onXPlatSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="dock-manager-overview-iframe" data-demos-base-url="{environment:dvDemosBaseUrl}">View on StackBlitz
    </button>
</div>

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Usage
The Dock Manager is a standard [web component](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components) and as such can be used in an Angular application.

> Follow the steps below to add the Dock Manager package to an Angular project and set up the project in order to use the Dock Manager inside the Angular components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to add the Dock Manager package to your Angular project and set it up in order to use the component.
```

> Install the `igniteui-dockmanager` package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, install the `igniteui-dockmanager` package
```

```cmd
npm install igniteui-dockmanager
```

> Include the `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA` schema in the `AppModule`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, include the `CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA` schema in the `AppModule`:
```

```typescript
import { CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA, NgModule } from '@angular/core';

@NgModule({
    ...
    schemas: [CUSTOM_ELEMENTS_SCHEMA]
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> Call the `defineCustomElements()` function in the `main.ts` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, one should call the `defineCustomElements()` function in the `main.ts` file:
```

```typescript
import { AppModule } from "./app/app.module";
import { defineCustomElements } from "@infragistics/igniteui-dockmanager/loader";
import { enableProdMode } from '@angular/core';
import { environment } from ".environments/environment";
import { platformBrowserDynamic } from '@angular/platform-browser-dynamic';

if (environment.production) {
    enableProdMode();
}

platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppModule)
    .catch(err => console.log(err));

defineCustomElements();
```

> You are now ready to use the Dock Manager component in an Angular component template. To do this, simply use it by it's tag name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is it, you are now ready to use the Dock Manager component in an Angular component template. To do so simply use its tag name:
```

```html
    <igc-dockmanager>

>     </igc-dockmanager>

Reviewer: Remove the leading tabs from the snippet.
